Guide to get NFTs Owned by an Account (#1631)
iotaledger/iota-wiki: docs/build/isc/v1.1/docs/_admonitions/_AgentID.md

> :::Info ISC Agent ID
> The `ISCAgentID` represents the identifier of the agent (user or contract) whose NFTs you want to retrieve. You can get the [`AgentID`](../explanations/how-accounts-work.md) from the sender by calling `ISC.sandbox.getSenderAccount()`.
> :::

Reviewer: ```suggestion
:::info Agent ID

In ISC [Agent IDs](../explanations/how-accounts-work.md) are used to encode L1 and L2 addresses in a unique way as same L2 addresses can exist on different ISC chains.

:::
```

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
:::Info ISC Agent ID

The `ISCAgentID` is a unique identifier for any type of account. In ISC, [accounts may represent addresses from L1, L2, or even smart contracts](../explanations/how-accounts-work.md). You can retrieve the sender's `Agent Id` by calling `ISC.sandbox.getSenderAccount()`.

:::
```

Reviewer 2: The original sounds good tbh

Reviewer: But I still have a change:
```suggestion
:::info ISC Agent ID

The `ISCAgentID` represents the identifier of the agent (user or contract) whose NFTs you want to retrieve. You can get the [`AgentID`](../explanations/how-accounts-work.md) from the sender by calling `ISC.sandbox.getSenderAccount()`.

:::
```
